was a guy he's just an icy here and
welcome to a brand new video they we've
got any episode of potential transfers
but in particular today work it's a free
agents the best for agents available of
course on a free transfer this summer so
FK know two thousand oaks today i'll do
a new transfers video every single day
will that be confirmed transfers or
potential transfers just smash that like
button in the coins flow though your
thoughts and tej rumors LOL i see you in
the next episode any food to my channel
class described our for daily fee for
content I also just want to say they
won't just be transfer videos and also
big game paper is alongside them as I'm
plan to do to visit again and also with
these players bear in mind there's some
of the Masonic contractor over its
couple of days and they are free agents
from june or july so first of the wave
wave brazilian goalkeeper by the name of
netomat remember him back from fifa 12
when he was a redic is / silver
goalkeeper I've never scoring plays an
AC for Fiorentina or at least and he's
very a 6.6 million pounds is 25 years
old and the only two clubs I've actually
seen link to him currently our arsenal
liverpool but probably both not
interested anymore and I'm not actually
sure where he'll end up next one is
going to be Danny Alvarez probably the
biggest name fridge in this summer I
obviously carry a bar so they've
actually got a copa del rey final and
this will pretty up just after that
actually and he stayed two years old his
getting on a little bit he's still very
dat 8.8 million pounds and a link clubs
basically a mattress United he may not
be anywhere near as good a use people
still it'd be pretty good sign on a free
in my opinion and they'll do well as
some clubs and then we got Andrea we're
not sure at NSA says named carrying play
for Inter Milan in Italy and a Roger I
don't know too much about him but he's
very dat 11 million pounds he's 27 years
old again like said somebody's made you
sign contracts over the next couple of
months i'm not too sure i don't know if
he will be one of them or not next one
is going to be run flytraps divert about
you just lost FA Cup final and his rate
of five point two eight million pounds
his 30 years old again ave wanted fries
actually rumored before with Manchester
United after him is marcell jansen the
answer then is varied a 3.52 million
pounds of 29 years old and again it just
left hamburg in the Bundesliga James
Mona is again another one of their like
a high-profile for agents in summer he's
not high rates on FIFA but in real life
matches City do kind of rely on him some
games because his work rate is a second
thought I'll endure the main linkedin
the moment our Liverpool also Arsenal
his valuation is 12 and a half million
pounds he's 29 years old he like said
live for Arsenal or maybe even a move
abroad his next for him and after James
Miller we have got Nigel too young and
there's 8.8 million pounds
new asians 30 years old again not too
sure where he'll end up and after him
we've actually got another one of
high-profile ones this time in Sami
Khedira I Khedira's varied a whopping 17
point six million pounds he's 28 years
old and the links basically looks like
he's a done deal t event is so he's
definitely leaving around madrid also
he's actually linked to a move to shower
as well so i mean i think i WV which a
great great sign for them and then we
have got Danny ovens an instant
Petersburg very just over 7 million
pounds he's 31 years old and after that
we have got a young English striker in
Danny ings and again yet another free
agent actually link for move to
Liverpool and also Tottenham who
apparently bid 12 million pounds room
the other day he's still agitated under
Bernie's contract but I think there's
like a tribunal fee they have to pay and
I believe if Liverpool games like four
to five million pounds because he's
under 23 I do believes 22 years old but
I think he'd be a decent strike if
whoever gets him and from beings into a
absolute legend that is going to Didier
Drogba he is now confirmed he's leaving
Chelsea and he wants to play one more
year I do believe he's very just under 1
million pounds but as of course he's 37
years old and after da joke but we have
got the almighty Glen Johnson or John
Glenn ssin however unicorn him he is
still valid apparently at six million
pounds I have no idea how that happened
it looks like he's definitely going
abroad and he's 30 years old after
Johnson we have got a bad day here's by
the 8.8 million pounds and 28 years old
and then we got been off for a little
bit of a troublemaker it says hold there
and bees actually got released by a new
castle before he did actually son far
they're called nice and France that
wasn't a gelato place is played for a
certain amount of clubs this season so
he's currently a free agent and has no
club at all and busy luck said he's a
bit of a troublemaker I know we've got
player doom we have many fond memories
off to be honest he cost us 20 million
pounds I was an absolute flop that's a
party I'll Kalani current plan for
Fiorentina again they've got a few
players leaving this summer and here's
30 years old lassana diarra he's a dream
about a club since August 2014 but he's
still very a 14 million pounds of former
Portsmouth and a round trip player and
after we've got a Jew jacket si says
name the Hungarian still plays in Russia
and he's made a 10.5 million pounds of
eagles uniacke next jeanette currently
plays for Marseilles and hears about 8.8
million pounds his 29 years old before
he was actually linked the likes of West
Berlin teams like that and they would
Joey Barton adjust going down with QPR
recently and I believe here's their
capture I'm not too sure but Barton i'm
not sure where he'll end up to be honest
he may even stay in the championship and
after
Jonas Gutierrez a bit of a hero to be
honest LLC beat cancer the Newcastle
confirmed the release of him yesterday
it does come across as very
disrespectful but I think the one thing
that has seen consideration for this is
that he may actually have agreed to
leave it i'm not too sure we didn't seem
too happy about it by on twitter and he
sang to the Newcastle fans but he took a
massive massive dig at my gosh dude
she's understandably is absolutely
awesome a Gutierrez absolute legend he
is after him we have got lose our honor
of schachter he's very 6 million pounds
and easy 28 years old and then we've got
Andre are you again another one that
probably bigger name for agents to the
summer from Marseilles again he's very
10.5 million pounds is 25 years old and
finally we've got back or Asako of all
formerly of wolves other notable players
are action there's this first time we've
got konoplyanka of denis pro in ukraine
again and her play a link to liverpool
as we tried signing back last january
but their their channel whatever he is
actually pulled out until last minute
and we've gotten be out of Sevilla lenin
of spurs maxi Pereira Benfica Pezzini of
Milan Jonathan of inter Denisov of
Lokomotiv Moscow and also Sammy Ameobi
of Newcastle and that makes up the list
guys so long long list and again its
pretty long players I did miss out
there's a lot of big names on there
including a Khedira and also the mighty
Glen Johnson but Daniels as well Drogba
and Danny ings and stuff for that guy so
Joyce video smash like by Alexa two
thousand oaks earlier transfer video
every single day this week subscribe for
daily fee for content hey guys thank
wishes video and also next time